New dbt cloud IA (#2932)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth.md

### Create a security integration

> In Snowflake, execute a query to create a security integration. Please find the complete documentation on creating a security integration for custom clients [here](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/sql-reference/sql/create-security-integration.html#syntax). You can find a sample `create or replace security integration` query below.

Author: ```suggestion
In Snowflake, execute a query to create a security integration. Please find the complete documentation on creating a security integration for custom clients [here](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/sql-reference/sql/create-security-integration.html#syntax). In the following example `create or replace security integration` query, replace `YOUR_ACCESS_URL` with the [appropriate Access URL](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) for your region and plan.
```

```
CREATE OR REPLACE SECURITY INTEGRATION DBT_CLOUD
  TYPE = OAUTH
  ENABLED = TRUE
  OAUTH_CLIENT = CUSTOM
  OAUTH_CLIENT_TYPE = 'CONFIDENTIAL'

>   OAUTH_REDIRECT_URI = 'https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake'

Author: ```suggestion
  OAUTH_REDIRECT_URI = 'https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/complete/snowflake'
```
